what's going on guys my name is Michael
and here we are back in the kitchen with
another recipe and I've got a great one
planned out today this is one that's
been highly requested and it's super
easy to make and that is a crustless
pumpkin pie so let's not waste any time
on this one it just jump straight into
it and the first thing that we're going
to do is take one 15-ounce can of pure
pumpkin it's just the one that you can
buy at the store with no sugar at it
just 100% pumpkin we're gonna add that
into a larger bowl and our next
ingredient will actually be 1 in 1
quarters cup of skim milk now I'm using
skim milk today but you can use a
regular milk if you can't get the
fat-free kind like this or you could
just use almond milk if you really want
to save calories that's totally up to
you and the next ingredient is 3/4 of a
cup of sugar I have that right here and
if you don't want to use sugar you can
also use maybe a stevia or any other
sweetener that you prefer but the bottom
line is just 3/4 of a cup and to save a
little bit of time here I'm actually
going to go through these last four
ingredients together the first thing
that I have right here is 1 tablespoon
of grated orange zest and this is
something that really will add in a lot
of extra flavor to the pumpkin pie but I
guess it's optional if you want and then
what I have right here is some ground
nutmeg some ground cinnamon and also
some ground ginger and those three
things really do add that authentic
pumpkin pie taste that you're probably
used to so all four of those go into the
bowl and then we're just going to mix it
all together so now that our pumpkin pie
batter is mixed up what I have right
here is a 9 inch pie container and I
already sprayed it with some nonstick
cooking spray and the next step is just
to pour out our batter into the pie
container
and now this is ready to go into the
oven and what we're going to do is
actually cook it for 45 minutes and I've
had my oven preheating this whole time
and it's at 350 degrees Fahrenheit so
I'll see you guys in around 45 minutes
when this is done so here we are 45
minutes later and our pumpkin pie is
fully cooked and the next step is to
really just leave it on the counter or
you could just leave it in the oven for
a couple hours so it cools off a bit and
then you can actually cut it into slices
and then serve it up and enjoy it but
that is pretty much it for this video
and I wanted to thank the website
actually let's fight fat comm there will
actually be a link to that website down
below in the description it's a great
recipe they were nice enough to supply
me with this one so definitely go down
below in the description and check them
out but I hope you guys enjoyed this
video and I will talk to you next time